c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\itiblab2_next.exe.config
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\itiblab2_next.exe
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\itiblab2_next.pdb
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\obj\Debug\itiblab2_next.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\obj\Debug\itiblab2_next.Form1.resources
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\obj\Debug\itiblab2_next.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\obj\Debug\itiblab2_next.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\obj\Debug\itiblab2_next.exe
c:\users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\obj\Debug\itiblab2_next.pdb
C:\Users\keyf\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\itiblab2_next\itiblab2_next\bin\Debug\MathParser.org-mXparser.Net45.dll
